Hello, my name is David.
Hola mi nombre es David.
Is my name David? [YES/NO], it is.
I am thirty-two years old.
Tengo treinta y dos años de edad.
Am I thirty-two years old? [YES/NO], I am.
I live in Colombia.
Vivo en Colombia.
Do I live in the United States? [YES/NO], I don’t.
I am from the United States.
Soy de Estados Unidos.
Am I from the United States? [YES/NO], I am.
I am married.
Estoy casado.
Am I single? [YES/NO], I’m not.
My wife and I have three children.
Mi esposa y yo tenemos tres hijos.
Do I have three children? [YES/NO], I do.
I have two sons and one daughter.
Tengo dos hijos y una hija.
Do I have three sons? [YES/NO], I don’t.
Their names are John, Kevin, and Ann.
Sus nombres son John, Kevin y Ann.
Is my daughter’s name Ann? [YES/NO], it is.
We also have a dog.
También tenemos un perro.
Do I have a cat? [YES/NO], I don’t.
The dog’s name is Buster.
El nombre del perro es Buster.
Is my dog’s name Fido? [YES/NO], it isn’t.
I work as a postman.
Soy cartero.
Do I have a job? [YES/NO], I do.
I deliver the mail each day.
Entrego el correo todos los días.
Do I deliver the mail? [YES/NO], I do.
I like to eat American food.
Me gusta comer comida americana.
Do I like to eat Italian food? [YES/NO], I don’t.
Hot dogs are delicious.
Los perros calientes son deliciosos.
Do I think hot dogs are delicious? [YES/NO], I do.
I also like to cook.
También me gusta cocinar.
Is cooking something I like to do? [YES/NO], it is.
Cakes are my favorite food to bake.
Los pasteles son mi comida favorita para hornear.
Can I bake a cake? [YES/NO], I can.
Cakes are also my favorite food to eat.
Los pasteles también son mi comida favorita para comer.
Are donuts my favorite food to eat? [YES/NO], they aren’t.
I also enjoy exercising.
También disfruto hacer ejercicio.
Do I enjoy exercising? [YES/NO], I do.
I like to run and hike.
Me gusta correr y hacer senderismo.
Do I like to swim? [YES/NO], I don’t.
After eating hot dogs and cakes, I need to exercise.
Después de comer perros calientes y pasteles, necesito hacer ejercicio.
After eating cake, do I need to sleep? [YES/NO], I don’t.